India is a large agricultural country with the largest population in the world. This creates a high demand for food, which is prompting the study of high quality and high-yielding crops. In the past few years many seasonal fruits have been offered for sale in markets, but these crops are grown in traditional backward agricultural greenhouses and large scale changes are needed to modernize production. The reform of small-scale greenhouse agricultural production is relatively easy and could be implemented. The concept of the Agricultural Internet of Things utilizes networking technology in agricultural production, the hardware part of this agricultural IoT include temperature, humidity  and processors with a large data processing capability; these hardware devices are connected by short-distance wireless communication technology, such as  WIFI . The sensor network is combined with well-established web technology, in the form of a wireless sensor network, to remotely control and monitor data from the sensors. In this project a smart system of greenhouse management based on the Internet of Things is proposed using sensor networks and web-based technologies. The system consists of sensor networks and a software control system. The sensor network consists of the master control centre and various sensors using WIFI protocols. The top web system provides users with an interface to view and manage the hardware facilities. Administrators can thus view the status of agricultural greenhouses and issue commands to the sensors through this system in order to remotely manage the temperature and irrigation in the greenhouses. 
